Good morning, family. I have a word for you today—some things the Lord has been showing me in prayer—and I'm just going to get right to it. I was asking the Lord if He had anything for the people.
I haven't given a fresh word like this for a while, and while asking Him for direction for this channel, He said, 'Make prayer a staple.'He keeps telling me to make prayer on this channel a staple; that's the go-to.
Always teach the people to pray and teach them to jump in the rivers.
It's priority number one, and I haven't been faithful enough with doing that, but I'm going to do it more and more.
Number two, He said, 'You're not here to entertain the people.'This is not about clicking on the latest prophetic word from Brother Brandon and seeing what the Lord is saying through him, going from prophet to prophet and hearing false prophetic words versus weighing it out for yourself, but treating it like a psychic hotline.
How many different ones do we hear? Who's right? You do this because you're not hearing Him for yourself—I'm just trying to be real with you—you're not seeking Him and finding Him.
You go to the nearest YouTube channel to see who has the word for the day, and a lot of you are being led astray.
You have got to get in the Word, make it a priority in your life, and have a relationship with the Lord yourself.
He will talk to you on a day-to-day basis. Listen to Him through His Word; put it on audio through the player—that is God speaking to you.
It's priority number one: get in the Word and make it a foundation in your life.
Stop going around looking for Prophet Susie and Prophet Billy Bob, and then forgetting the true prophetic words.
They're not getting it down inside of them; they're not meditating on that prophetic word.
They just go from one to the next, clicking on it and saying, 'Well, that was pretty good.
I don't know if I like that one very much,'then clicking off without even listening to the whole thing.
A true word from the Lord is supposed to change and help edify you, showing you what is to come and how to prepare.
For a lot of you, it's falling on deaf ears or itching ears, and you just go to the guy who gives you sugar if you didn't agree with the word.
This is not a time for sugar; this is a time for being serious. It is a very serious time.
From what I got from the Spirit of the Lord in the last 24 hours, it shook me. It's time to wake up. So, track back with me.
Some of you have been here for a while listening to some of the things that I've said.
Remember the Tasmanian devil coming up out, and the angel unlocking the devil out of that pit that spun up like a Tasmanian devil with horns on its head?
I gave that word about two years ago. The Lord told me that thing was coming up out of the earth and was being released as a devil of war upon the earth.
It was spinning and was going to go inside Vladimir Putin. Then I saw a provoking from Poland concerning Ukraine, and that Russia would strike Poland.
It would be something that we've never seen before. I've been praying over this, and I'll repost the words that I've given because there are so many new faces.
I get many subscribers daily, and they don't have a clue what I've given a word about six months or even a year ago.
The Lord will prompt my spirit and say, 'I want you to repost that.'I'll take the other one down and repost it so it hits the algorithm again.
YouTube's algorithm will make it flat and won't get any new views, so I repost it and it gets thousands of new views from new faces.
The Lord says, 'Keep drawing them,'and I'm just following what He tells me to do.
One of the words I'm telling you was to watch about the draft.
The Lord spoke to me again: a draft is coming for men and women.
Most people thought there was no way they'd draft women, but the House passed it in the wartime bill—a draft for women too.
I saw in the spirit men and women being drafted and going overseas for a major war.
I saw young men and women both going in a line because of patriotism. When 9/11 happened, it brought a patriotism upon America.
The Diehard old country folks, the patriots who love our nation, rose up. It was a result of what happened during 9/11.
I see it again, but I have to be very watchful what I'm saying on this channel now.
An event is going to happen that is going to cause a great patriotism with certain people where they will want to go willingly.
We will be hit by another nation; war will happen on America's soil. I saw it on the West Coast and in the central part of America.
I saw ants hidden within cells of people who came across the southern border over the last several years.
When this happens, it's like ants coming up out of a den. They just keep coming.
It's going to be another type of 9/11 event. Putin went to North Korea; it hasn't been done in 25 years. Now he's in Vietnam.
Before any nation declares a major war and retaliates for what that spinning devil did, they have to have allies. He is bringing forth a coalition of allies to back him.
Right now, the BRICS nations are forming a financial coalition so that when the United States tries to put sanctions, he can go around it.
Saudi Arabia broke the petrodollar deal. I warned you all that this was coming.
Prince MBS is looking for a stronger backbone of leadership in America.
They are going to create a new global system with China, Russia, and Saudi Arabia, spreading through the OPEC nations, Africa, and South America.
It kept spreading like the Indiana Jones map. I warned you all about this: the financial part and then the war part.
A major war is about to take place. It's not just nation against nation; it's going to be like World War II but very nasty.
This will escalate until the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ and the Rapture of the church.
The Lord warned me again last night that a great humbling and shaking will come to the American people.
This is the mechanism for the revival. It's the separation of the wheat from the tares.
There will be a dividing line between who is for the Lord versus the people who are lukewarm.
There will be an exposing of corrupt ministers; people in sexual perversion will be brought to light.
We've seen this now twice in the last couple of months. There will be a separation of the goats and the sheep.
The Lord said, 'Never touch this with your mouth.'When they fall and are exposed, I'm warning you all: do not touch them with your mouth.
We pray for them, their wives, and their families, that God would restore them and their souls would be saved.
Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first. We're seeing just the first parts of the manifestation of this.
It's going to get more intense. You're going to turn on the TV and be shocked because of the compromise and sin in the church.
God's cleaning some dirty diapers right now. It starts with the head and goes down through the body.
There is great corruption in homes with sexual perversion.
The Lord is going to clean house. We must pray for a lessening of what's coming. We can pray that it is decreased in volume.
The Lord showed me that the more you intercede as the body of Christ, the more the volume will come down.
If we do not take our rightful place of authority, we will be held accountable.
We are the pillars, the remnant that brings in the harvest and tells the people that Jesus Christ is coming.
I've told you about the plague and the biological weapons being made in laboratories.
I'm a work in progress, determined to eat healthy and eat Whole Foods—vegetables from your own garden, not store-bought GMOs.
War is coming. I warned you about the biological weapons coming out of Iran into Syria to strike Israel.
We must pray for protection over the Israeli people because another heavy retaliation is coming.
We have to pray for America for the Fourth of July time frame and for the elections.
If war happens, it could delay the election from even taking place.
Any major attacks from now until October—a very serious month—could happen.
I told you a year ago that Donald Trump's trials would go clear up until late summer 2024 and that it would be a distraction.
It actually saved his life because he was not out campaigning on stages as much; he's been protected in a courthouse.
We're going to pray for him, for this nation, the peace of Jerusalem, and guidance over our land.
The remnant will rise up and obliterate the plans of the enemy.
It's happening just like the word I gave. If you have eyes to see, start praying more.
We're not moved by fear. Birthing pains are taking place around us.
The Lord told me that the water's about to be turned off, and we have to start praying over the jet streams and low-pressure systems.
There is great weather manipulation going on right now through scientific things.
We have authority over the weather. I call forth the low-pressure systems from the West to bring us rain.
I speak to the droughts and the high-pressure systems to move in Jesus'name.
Bring out of the Pacific Ocean the rain from the low-pressure systems. You have authority over the weather.
Also pray for peace, that there won't be any terrorist activities and that all hidden agendas will be brought to light.
I saw the West Coast being struck, and I saw a surprise attack similar to Pearl Harbor happening on Hawaii.
I saw fires and jets attacking military bases. As believers, we can pray protection and expose the enemy.
We can delay things and get in a harvest of souls for your relatives who don't know Jesus.
The enemy comes to kill, steal, and destroy, but God comes that we might have life abundantly.
We're believing for a billion-soul harvest. We're that close. I'm going to pray for you today.
Father, I thank You for Your peace over every single person watching.
No weapon formed against us will prosper. We plead the blood over them.
Your angels protect us from calamity. We call for finances from the north, south, east, and west.
I thank You for a great financial harvest. The wealth of the sinner is laid up for the just.
I call that money in right now for the kingdom of God and to promote the gospel of Jesus Christ.
I thank You for better jobs and restored marriages. I call forth restoration of households in Jesus'name.
I call for an exposing of corruption in the church and the five-fold ministry; may they stop operating in perversion.
Convict the men and women. Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
We ask You to pluck up any bad seeds in Jesus'name. We are quick to repent.
Thank You for the blood of Jesus and the authority of the believer.
We pray for our leadership and protection over Donald Trump.
We thank You that You're not done with America yet. We call in the harvest of souls.
We petition You for our unsaved loved ones; convict their hearts.
We call for healing from all kinds of cancers to diabetes and heart disease.
By Your stripes, we are healed. You paid the price for us to walk in divine health.
We call it done right now. Amen. Subscribe if you're not subscribed.
Click the notification bell and the thumbs up. It helps get the gospel out to the world.
Thank you for supporting me and being a friend. Jesus loves you, and we love you. We will see you next time. God bless you.